knowledge_base/operational_memory.md, before:

# 🧠 SOVEREIGN OPERATIONAL MEMORY

## Behavioral & Tactical Wisdom (Feb 2026)

---

## 🏛️ SECTION 1: USER-CENTRIC PROTOCOLS

### ⚖️ The "Speak-Before-Fix" Mandate

- **Rule**: If the user requests an update, explanation, or "tell me what happened," the agent MUST stop all background technical activities immediately.
- **Priority**: Communication > Execution.
- **Learning**: Neglecting to explain a technical loop creates user frustration and appears as "system failure" even if the agent is working hard.

---

## 🏛️ SECTION 2: THE DELEGATION & LOOP STABILITY PROTOCOL (SDLSP)

### 🧩 Core Architecture

The system operates on an "Architect-Worker" model.

1. **The Sovereign Architect (Primary Agent)**:
   - **Role**: Maintains the chat line with the user.
   - **Protocol**: NEVER lock the chat context for long-running technical tasks (deployments, large migrations, complex debugging).
   - **Delegation**: Spawns a `browser_subagent` or a `background_command` for any task estimated to take >10 seconds.

2. **The Execution Worker (Sub-Agent)**:
   - **Role**: Executes technical tasks in a sandbox or isolated context.
   - **Protocol**: Reports progress every 30 seconds to the Architect.

### 🔄 Loop Detection & Intervention

This is the "Safety Valve" to prevent system paralysis.

- **Pulse Check**: The Architect must monitor the "Worker" pulse every minute.
- **Anomaly Detection**: If a Worker repeats the same command 2 times without a state change (e.g., getting the same syntax error or 404), the Architect MUST intervene.
- **The Intervention Protocol**:
   1. **Pause Worker**: Terminate the looping process immediately.
   2. **Status Report**: Notify the user IMMEDIATELY: *"I've detected a loop in the [Sub-Agent Name]. It is stuck on [Specific Error]."*
   3. **Forensic Research**: The Architect must conduct research into the root cause.
   4. **Board Consultation (MANDATORY)**: Before attempting a 3rd time, the error/discovery MUST be summarized and presented for external audit. The "Sovereign Board" includes:
      - **Grok** (X/Intelligence)
      - **ChatGPT** (OpenAI/Logic)
      - **Claude** (Anthropic/Strategy)
      - **Gemini** (Google/Data - via External Audit Bridge)
   5. **Board Approval**: Only proceed with a fix once the user reports the Board's consensus or provides a direct strategic pivot.

---

## 🏛️ SECTION 4: SYSTEM STATE & VAULT (Feb 2026)

### 🔑 Definitive Credentials (Verified)

- **Token**: `sov-audit-2026-ghost` (Internal Sovereign Handshake)
- **GHL Agency Token**: `managed_by_vault` (Production PIT - See Vault)
- **GHL Location ID**: `RnK4OjX0oDcqtWw0VyLr` (Verified Primary Location)
- **xAI/Grok Key**: `managed_by_vault` (Grok Modern Context - See Vault)

### 📊 Strike Results (Phase 4.3)

- **Handshake**: Verified 615 leads available in the production funnel.
- **Outreach**: GHL Webhook bridge (`RnK4Oj.../uKaqY2...`) is the high-reliability path.
- **Grok Modern Context**: 'Daniel reclaim ROI for Lakeland businesses. Focus on simple 5th-grade language, "rescue" pitches, Sarah AI for leads.'

## 🏛️ SECTION 5: 7-DAY SOVEREIGN INCOME PROTOCOL (Default SOP)

**Directive**: This is the default operational rhythm until further notice.

### 📅 The Weekly Strike Cycle

- **Day 1: Research**
  - Goal: Generate 20 high-quality leads (Roofing/Law/HVAC/Spas).
  - Protocol: Search Google Pages 2-3 for "Trust Killers" (Broken SSL, slow speed, no privacy).
  - Cross-check with 2+ external AIs (ChatGPT/Claude).
- **Day 2: Prep**
  - Goal: Create 10 personalized "Traffic Light" reports and call scripts.
  - Validation: Use Grok to simplify hooks and verify technical issues.
- **Day 3: Outreach**
  - Goal: Send 5-10 personalized "Rescue" emails (5th-grade level).
  - Action: Follow up with a call 1 hour later. Log all activity.
- **Day 4: Follow Up**
  - Goal: Retarget rejects with screenshots and "Competitive Edge" data (Reclaiming market gaps).
- **Day 5: Close**
  - Goal: Demo free patches and upsell Sarah AI ($1,500/month). Track wins.
- **Day 6: Review**
  - Goal: Analyze response rates and add 10 new warm leads.
- **Day 7: Scale**
  - Goal: Automate sourcing/sending.
  - Report: Deliver 4:30 PM EST CSV and 5:00 PM EST Summary to Daniel.

### ✍️ Communication Standards

- **Readability**: Always 5th-grade level (Short sentences, zero jargon).
- **Verification**: 20% manual verification + multi-AI cross-check (ChatGPT/Claude/Grok).
- **Frequency**: 10-minute throttling between outreach sends.

---

## 🏛️ SECTION 6: SESSION LEARNINGS (Feb 4, 2026)

### 🔧 Website Fixes - Lessons Learned

| Issue | Root Cause | Fix |
|-------|------------|-----|
| Vapi widget green circle | Wrong Vercel project deployed | Deploy to correct `empire-unified` project |
| "Call Sarah" button alert | `startSarahCall()` not ready | Remove button, use Vapi widget only (Option B) |
| "Call Sarah" tel: link popup | `href="tel:"` opens phone app | Remove tel: link entirely |
| Changes not appearing | Deployed to wrong project | Always verify deploy target URL |

### 📊 PageSpeed Optimization (Feb 4, 2026)

**Problem:** Scores were embarrassingly low for an AI company

- Performance: 62 → Target 90+
- SEO: 58 → Target 90+  
- Best Practices: 73 → Target 90+
- Accessibility: 92 ✅

**Fixes Applied:**

| Fix | Impact |
|-----|--------|
| Added OG meta tags | +SEO |
| Added Twitter card tags | +SEO |
| Added JSON-LD Organization | +SEO, +rich results |
| Added JSON-LD Service | +SEO |
| Canonical URL | +SEO |
| Better title/description | +SEO |
| Modal buttons (lazy load iframes) | +Performance |

**Board Decision:** Forms should be button-triggered modals, NOT inline embeds.

### 📍 Deployment Config (CRITICAL)

```
HOSTING: Vercel
PROJECT: empire-unified
DOMAIN: aiserviceco.com
DEPLOY: cd public && vercel --prod --yes
MODAL: python -m modal deploy deploy.py
```

### 🤖 Sarah AI Intelligence Strategy (Board Approved 4/4)

**Feature: Intelligent Mode Switching**

| Capability | Status |
|------------|--------|
| Inbound/Outbound Detection | USE Vapi metadata |
| Different Scripts | YES - empathetic vs assertive |
| Hot Lead Notification | SMS to Dan for high-value keywords |
| Webhooks Needed | call.initiated, call.completed |

**Phased Build:**

1. MVP: Call type detection + hot keyword SMS
2. Phase 2: Sentiment analysis + scoring
3. Phase 3: Dynamic scripts

### 🔄 Rollback Strategy (ALWAYS CREATE CHECKPOINTS)

```bash
# Before major changes:
git tag -a checkpoint-YYYY-MM-DD -m "Description"
git push origin [tag-name]

# To rollback:
git checkout [tag-name]
cd public && vercel --prod --yes
```

**Current Checkpoint:** `checkpoint-2026-02-04`

---

```
╔═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                               ║
║   "The system only learns if it listens."                                    ║
║   "Delegation is not abandonment; it is focused stewardship."                ║
║   "Outreach is oxygen. Voice is truth."                                      ║
║   "Personalized rescue is the only path to ROI."                             ║
║                                                                               ║
║                              - SOVEREIGN MEMORY v3.0                          ║
║                                                                               ║
╚═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
```

Commit message:

FIX: Remove Empire Sovereign hallucination, restore AI Service Co branding + Option A error suppression + operational_memory branding rule

knowledge_base/operational_memory.md, after:

# 🧠 SOVEREIGN OPERATIONAL MEMORY

## Behavioral & Tactical Wisdom (Feb 2026)

---

## 🏛️ SECTION 1: USER-CENTRIC PROTOCOLS

### ⚖️ The "Speak-Before-Fix" Mandate

- **Rule**: If the user requests an update, explanation, or "tell me what happened," the agent MUST stop all background technical activities immediately.
- **Priority**: Communication > Execution.
- **Learning**: Neglecting to explain a technical loop creates user frustration and appears as "system failure" even if the agent is working hard.

---

## 🏛️ SECTION 2: THE DELEGATION & LOOP STABILITY PROTOCOL (SDLSP)

### 🧩 Core Architecture

The system operates on an "Architect-Worker" model.

1. **The Sovereign Architect (Primary Agent)**:
   - **Role**: Maintains the chat line with the user.
   - **Protocol**: NEVER lock the chat context for long-running technical tasks (deployments, large migrations, complex debugging).
   - **Delegation**: Spawns a `browser_subagent` or a `background_command` for any task estimated to take >10 seconds.

2. **The Execution Worker (Sub-Agent)**:
   - **Role**: Executes technical tasks in a sandbox or isolated context.
   - **Protocol**: Reports progress every 30 seconds to the Architect.

### 🔄 Loop Detection & Intervention

This is the "Safety Valve" to prevent system paralysis.

- **Pulse Check**: The Architect must monitor the "Worker" pulse every minute.
- **Anomaly Detection**: If a Worker repeats the same command 2 times without a state change (e.g., getting the same syntax error or 404), the Architect MUST intervene.
- **The Intervention Protocol**:
   1. **Pause Worker**: Terminate the looping process immediately.
   2. **Status Report**: Notify the user IMMEDIATELY: *"I've detected a loop in the [Sub-Agent Name]. It is stuck on [Specific Error]."*
   3. **Forensic Research**: The Architect must conduct research into the root cause.
   4. **Board Consultation (MANDATORY)**: Before attempting a 3rd time, the error/discovery MUST be summarized and presented for external audit. The "Sovereign Board" includes:
      - **Grok** (X/Intelligence)
      - **ChatGPT** (OpenAI/Logic)
      - **Claude** (Anthropic/Strategy)
      - **Gemini** (Google/Data - via External Audit Bridge)
   5. **Board Approval**: Only proceed with a fix once the user reports the Board's consensus or provides a direct strategic pivot.

---

## 🏛️ SECTION 4: SYSTEM STATE & VAULT (Feb 2026)

### 🔑 Definitive Credentials (Verified)

- **Token**: `sov-audit-2026-ghost` (Internal Sovereign Handshake)
- **GHL Agency Token**: `managed_by_vault` (Production PIT - See Vault)
- **GHL Location ID**: `RnK4OjX0oDcqtWw0VyLr` (Verified Primary Location)
- **xAI/Grok Key**: `managed_by_vault` (Grok Modern Context - See Vault)

### 📊 Strike Results (Phase 4.3)

- **Handshake**: Verified 615 leads available in the production funnel.
- **Outreach**: GHL Webhook bridge (`RnK4Oj.../uKaqY2...`) is the high-reliability path.
- **Grok Modern Context**: 'Daniel reclaim ROI for Lakeland businesses. Focus on simple 5th-grade language, "rescue" pitches, Sarah AI for leads.'

## 🏛️ SECTION 5: 7-DAY SOVEREIGN INCOME PROTOCOL (Default SOP)

**Directive**: This is the default operational rhythm until further notice.

### 📅 The Weekly Strike Cycle

- **Day 1: Research**
  - Goal: Generate 20 high-quality leads (Roofing/Law/HVAC/Spas).
  - Protocol: Search Google Pages 2-3 for "Trust Killers" (Broken SSL, slow speed, no privacy).
  - Cross-check with 2+ external AIs (ChatGPT/Claude).
- **Day 2: Prep**
  - Goal: Create 10 personalized "Traffic Light" reports and call scripts.
  - Validation: Use Grok to simplify hooks and verify technical issues.
- **Day 3: Outreach**
  - Goal: Send 5-10 personalized "Rescue" emails (5th-grade level).
  - Action: Follow up with a call 1 hour later. Log all activity.
- **Day 4: Follow Up**
  - Goal: Retarget rejects with screenshots and "Competitive Edge" data (Reclaiming market gaps).
- **Day 5: Close**
  - Goal: Demo free patches and upsell Sarah AI ($1,500/month). Track wins.
- **Day 6: Review**
  - Goal: Analyze response rates and add 10 new warm leads.
- **Day 7: Scale**
  - Goal: Automate sourcing/sending.
  - Report: Deliver 4:30 PM EST CSV and 5:00 PM EST Summary to Daniel.

### ✍️ Communication Standards

- **Readability**: Always 5th-grade level (Short sentences, zero jargon).
- **Verification**: 20% manual verification + multi-AI cross-check (ChatGPT/Claude/Grok).
- **Frequency**: 10-minute throttling between outreach sends.

---

## 🏛️ SECTION 6: SESSION LEARNINGS (Feb 4, 2026)

### 🚨 CRITICAL BRANDING RULE (OWNER MANDATE - Feb 4, 2026)

> **DO NOT CHANGE WITHOUT OWNER AUTHORIZATION**

| Rule | Value |
| ---- | ----- |
| **Company Name** | AI Service Co |
| **Tagline** | (A Division of WORLD UNITIES) |
| **NEVER USE** | "Empire Sovereign" (was a hallucination) |
| **Authorization** | Owner only (Dan) can change branding |

**Files Fixed (Feb 4, 2026):**

- index.html, features.html, media.html, payment.html, intake.html

**If you see "Empire Sovereign" anywhere, it is WRONG and must be corrected.**

---

### 🔧 Website Fixes - Lessons Learned

| Issue | Root Cause | Fix |
| ----- | ---------- | --- |
| Vapi widget green circle | Wrong Vercel project deployed | Deploy to correct `empire-unified` project |
| "Call Sarah" button alert | `startSarahCall()` not ready | Remove button, use Vapi widget only (Option B) |
| "Call Sarah" tel: link popup | `href="tel:"` opens phone app | Remove tel: link entirely |
| Changes not appearing | Deployed to wrong project | Always verify deploy target URL |

### 📊 PageSpeed Optimization (Feb 4, 2026)

**Problem:** Scores were embarrassingly low for an AI company

- Performance: 62 → Target 90+
- SEO: 58 → Target 90+  
- Best Practices: 73 → Target 90+
- Accessibility: 92 ✅

**Fixes Applied:**

| Fix | Impact |
|-----|--------|
| Added OG meta tags | +SEO |
| Added Twitter card tags | +SEO |
| Added JSON-LD Organization | +SEO, +rich results |
| Added JSON-LD Service | +SEO |
| Canonical URL | +SEO |
| Better title/description | +SEO |
| Modal buttons (lazy load iframes) | +Performance |

**Board Decision:** Forms should be button-triggered modals, NOT inline embeds.

### 📍 Deployment Config (CRITICAL)

```
HOSTING: Vercel
PROJECT: empire-unified
DOMAIN: aiserviceco.com
DEPLOY: cd public && vercel --prod --yes
MODAL: python -m modal deploy deploy.py
```

### 🤖 Sarah AI Intelligence Strategy (Board Approved 4/4)

**Feature: Intelligent Mode Switching**

| Capability | Status |
|------------|--------|
| Inbound/Outbound Detection | USE Vapi metadata |
| Different Scripts | YES - empathetic vs assertive |
| Hot Lead Notification | SMS to Dan for high-value keywords |
| Webhooks Needed | call.initiated, call.completed |

**Phased Build:**

1. MVP: Call type detection + hot keyword SMS
2. Phase 2: Sentiment analysis + scoring
3. Phase 3: Dynamic scripts

### 🔄 Rollback Strategy (ALWAYS CREATE CHECKPOINTS)

```bash
# Before major changes:
git tag -a checkpoint-YYYY-MM-DD -m "Description"
git push origin [tag-name]

# To rollback:
git checkout [tag-name]
cd public && vercel --prod --yes
```

**Current Checkpoint:** `checkpoint-2026-02-04`

---

```
╔═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                               ║
║   "The system only learns if it listens."                                    ║
║   "Delegation is not abandonment; it is focused stewardship."                ║
║   "Outreach is oxygen. Voice is truth."                                      ║
║   "Personalized rescue is the only path to ROI."                             ║
║                                                                               ║
║                              - SOVEREIGN MEMORY v3.0                          ║
║                                                                               ║
╚═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
```
